My name is Cameron Geiser. I am a software engineer and manager who has lived in the San Francisco Bay Area most of 
my life, first in San Francisco, and later in 2013 I moved to Montara CA, just north of Half Moon Bay.
I love the outdoors, animals, and spend a lot of time at my kids sporting events.  I surf when I can and tend to our 
chickens, fish, crested geckos, and other assorted animals.
At work I enjoy building teams of engineers and mentoring young engineers. I enjoy removing obstacles for 
engineers.  This involved creating smooth and efficient daily processes which get engineers the information they need
with a minimum of interruptions.
Reviewing the code base periodically is a very important part of maintaining a scalable system.  Regular reviews
of ageing packages and previous work is extremely important.
I enjoy being at the confluence of engineering, design, and business teams.  I like being involved in designs, and
beleive that front end engineers are generally very good at understanding how effective a UI design will be.  I also
like to empower engineers to step out of their narrow area of concern and think about what changes external to their
code would make their work more effective and efficient.
Observability is extremely important when building systems.  The data made available from monitoring applications
can drive important changes to not only the code itself, but also to designs and QA.  Monitoring should include
usage (such as Mixpanel), performance (such as Mixpanel, Gatling, LoadRunner, Selenium), and testing (such as Playwright, Jest).
Work Intake is a very important and frequently misunderstood part of the engineering process.  If engineers
understand why they are doing a given task they will perform better and innovate more closely towards corporate goals.
AI and LLMs are extremely useful in the workplace, provided they are used appropriately.  It can be tempting 
to overcommit to AI and LLMs due to their percieved utility - and in many cases this is justified.  AI and LLMs can
be extremely efficient tools for coding, learning, and executing tasks and they should be deployed liberally
throughout a corporation.  However, it is important to check the work of AI and LLMs as they can be unpredictable
and are non-deterministic in nature.
For fun, I coach little league baseball and an the referee coordinator for the localy AYSO Soccer league.